Movie name: ...And Suddenly the Dawn (2017)
Director: Silvio Caiozzi
Genres: Plot
District: Chile
Description: The elderly writer Pancho Veloso returns to his hometown to reminisce about the past and seek inspiration for his writing. In the dual narrative of reunion and memories of childhood friends, the fate of a group of people and the picture of an era slowly unfold. The film uses the first-person narrative technique of interweaving the past and the present, and uses poetic images and language to show the Chilean countryside and how a generation grows up in the impact of tradition and modernity.

Writers:
Silvio Caiozzi
Jaime Casas

Main Actors:
Julio Jung
Ángel Toledo
Gabino Carihuentro
Fernando Paredes
Elisa Fernández

Producers:
Guadalupe Bornand ... producer
Tyler Boulanger ... executive producer
Silvio Caiozzi ... producer
Cory Tucek ... executive producer
Edgardo Viereck ... executive producer

ALL Actors:
Julio Jung ... Pancho Escritor
Ángel Toledo ... Panchito (5 Años)
Gabino Carihuentro ... Abuelo de Pancho
Fernando Paredes ... Pancho Niño
Elisa Fernández ... Rosita Niña
Gabriel Delgado ... 'Colorín' Niño
Axel Chávez ... Miguel Niño
Daniel Rojas ... Hombre Mapuche
María Paz Vargas ... Esposa del Mapuche
Mauricio Palacios ... Locutor Radial del Presente
Sergio Hernández ... Miguel Adulto
Ana María Montané ... Doña Maruja Joven
Nelson Brodt ... Padre de Pancho
Pedro Vicuña ... El Duende
Darko Peric ... El Griego
Arnaldo Berríos ... El Viejo Luciano
Pablo Schwarz ... El Joven Luciano
Diego Pizarro ... Miguel Joven
Mauricio Riveros ... Pancho Joven
Anita Reeves ... Doña Maruja
Rest of cast listed alphabetically:
Vicente Almuna ... Pasajero
Edinson Díaz ... Vidal
Neddiel Muñoz Millalonco ... Isabel 'Sombra'
Agustín Moya ... Mayor
José Manuel Muñoz ... Cantor huilliche en misa fúnebre
Magdalena Müller ... Rosita
Roxana Naranjo ... Cecilia
Aldo Parodi ... Don Teodoro
Alejandro Trejo ... Locutor TV (voice)
Paola Volpato ... Esposa de Pancho (voice)
Luz María Yacometti ... Madre de Pincoyita
Nicolás Zárate ... Juan Carlos

Music:
Valentina Caiozzi

